you'll get a million if you find this
animal to become incredibly rich in the
blink of an eye you'll probably need to
win the jackpot in the lottery or find a
buried treasure chest or you can just
stumble across one of the animals from
this video get ready to learn about the
11 most expensive animals on the planet
remember to hit the subscription button
and bring the notification belt to join
us on the bright side of life number 11
albino Nile monitor Nile monitors are
native to Africa these lizards are
neither particularly rare nor suited to
being kept as pets because of their size
the average Nile monitor is about 6 feet
they have sharp claws and teeth and are
pretty aggressive in the wild their diet
includes Birds small mammals frogs
crocodile eggs and other reptiles but
things are pretty different when we
speak about the albino Nile monitor in
fact these lizards aren't even albinos
they have a rare condition called
leucism unlike albinism which affects
all pigmentation leucism causes only
partial loss of pigmentation as a result
albino Nile monitors have pale skin with
patchy coloration which often creates
amazing and unique patterns as for their
eyes they keep their natural color these
ethereal creatures are sold at a price
that exceeds ten thousand dollars but
rumor has it that the most expensive
Albina lizard was sold for more than a
million dollars number 10 snow monkey
snow monkeys aka Japanese macaques live
in the forests mountains and highlands
of Japan they get their frosty name
thanks to the fact that they are the
only primates to live so far north in
the country besides humans snow monkeys
managed to survive there because of
their really thick fur thus they can
withstand temperatures as cold as minus
4 degrees Fahrenheit despite their
resistance to the cold these macaques
love to have a long hot soak which is
why they often spend their days in the
local hot springs
fortunately this creates a disturbing
problem since the temperatures are very
low even snow monkeys are at risk of
freezing to death after they leave the
hot springs to find food luckily the
solution is simple
there are several designated monkeys
that serve as breadwinners for the day
they don't go into the water so their
first day is dry and doesn't become
frozen not so long ago these cute
creatures were added to the
International Red List of Threatened
Species which makes them protected
animals at the same time if you're
determined enough you can get a special
permit and legally owned a snow monkey
it will cost you about $1,000 number-9
arowana the Arowana is one of the
largest freshwater fish in the world and
certain species can grow up to eight
feet long it may sound shocking but
these creatures have been swimming in
the waters of our planet since the time
of the dinosaurs
the Chinese believe that the Asian
Arowana brings prosperity and good luck
because of its scales which resemble
points and it's red color this is
probably why the price for some rare
varieties such as the red Arowana also
called the dragon fish can be as high as
several thousand dollars number eight
keel-billed toucan at first sight this
bird may remind you of a cartoon
character or the fantasy of an
avant-garde artist but this bird the
keel-billed toucan does exist it can be
found in a number of places around the
world from South and Central America
Mexico and the Caribbean the beak of
this bird is an awesome mix of yellow
green red and orange that's why it has
the nickname rainbow built to camp when
two cans need to communicate they
produce frog-like calls it would be
funny where these calls not so loud
sometimes you can hear them from half a
mile away these birds are playful and
social and don't like solitude typically
five or six toucans live together in a
tree hole a keel-billed toucan can be
sold for five to ten thousand dollars if
you manage to negotiate with the local
police first
number seven the Brazos monkey another
name for these monkeys is swamp monkeys
since they live in the wetlands of
Central Africa if you're wondering about
their unusual name here's the answer the
Brazos monkeys were named after Pierre
savoir Yann de brazza a French explorer
even a baby monkey already looks old the
blame can probably be found in its long
white beard sad and wise eyes and cute
monobrow that looks so tragic de Brazos
monkeys are excellent at hiding and they
can stay surprisingly quiet if they
sense danger however they still get
caught and kept in captivity where they
can breed the cost of one monkey varies
from seven thousand to ten thousand
dollars number six hyacinth macaw the
hyacinth macaw is the largest flying
pirate in the world this species lives
in the central and eastern parts of
South America
but since this bird became a super
popular home pet the wild population of
these parrots has decreased dramatically
representatives of the largest macaws
species have powerful beaks which they
use to open hard nuts and seeds this
beak is so strong it can even get
through a coconut shell if one day you
decide to have this bright beautiful
bird for yourself be ready to pay around
fourteen thousand dollars number five
palm cockatoo the palm cockatoo has
unique coloring
it's the largest pirate in Australia and
it's black or dark grey with a bright
red spot on its head it can grow up to
24 inches tall and its weight is usually
about two and a half pounds
interestingly the red spot that palm
cockatoos have on their cheek changes
its shade when a bird gets excited males
usually mark their territory by holding
large sticks and their powerful beaks
and drumming against hollow tree trunks
this cacophony can be heard from afar
the average cost of a palm cockatoo
reaches $16,000
number four lavender albino ball python
this unique snake stands out for its
unusual but beautiful appearance its
trademark is bright yellow spots on a
lavender background on top of that the
Python has bright red eyes
the lavender albino python comes from
Africa at one point this snake was
considered the costliest pet in the
world and it's no wonder because this
creature is stunning and extremely rare
many collectors try to get hold of it
since the color mutation of this snake
is a recessive genetic trait and if
you're ready to pay $40,000 for a pet
you won't have any problems with it the
Python likes rodents and needs to dine
just once or twice every two weeks
number three stag beetle brace yourself
the next extremely expensive animal
isn't actually an animal but an insect
the stag beetle is so rare that a
Japanese breeder managed to sell one for
89 thousand dollars while there are more
than a thousand species of stag beetles
the survival of many is endangered
because of the loss of their habitat you
can easily recognize a male stag beetle
as it has a big jaw and blood-red
antlers protruding from its head the
average length of this beetle is about
three inches
number two white lion white lions are
extremely rare the only place where they
can be found is the South African
wildlife reserve
according to the global white lion
protection trust there are no more than
300 white lions in the whole world today
these animals are so rare that a white
lion cub costs no less than 138 thousand
dollars naturally the unique appearance
of these predators has always attracted
poachers the animals were actively
hunted and almost became extinct happily
new white Cubs are currently being born
in Kruger National Park a place with no
lion trophy hunting this gives hope for
the survival of this species
number one Arabian horse Arabian horses
are some of the most expensive breeds on
the planet and some of the most
expensive animals ever traded in the 80s
when people began to breed and sell them
Arabian horses rapidly became
astonishingly popular as a result and
their price skyrocketed these majestic
animals turned into a status symbol in
many countries all over the world
Arabian horses came into fashion in the
u.s. because of their friendly character
amazing speed and beautiful appearance
they are mostly used in racing and horse
riding a purebred horse can cost up to a
million dollars by the way the most
expensive Arabian horse ever was Padron
this stallion was sold for 11 million
dollars which animal amazed you the most
right about your impressions in the
comments below remember to hit the like
button share this video with your
friends and subscribe to this channel to
join us on the bright side of life
you